hey guys what's happening this is our
will on to my next review this right
here is our the incredible hope a hand
Dona a force us our force the one more a
fourth statue of the credible whole
government the only thing I've done so
far was maybe that one day one skill
plus it'll be credible so this is on my
first one to have a part of you hope
statues around so I'm going to be the
first one this one who came in now two
different versions that came in the
green one which is mill to me work yeah
the whole time prefer better and I also
came with the great version the great
versions isolate the original hope
version not a little bloody guys
remember when I hope the first appeared
in 1960 to do the old comics he was
actually great in a video wanted part
about it my hope actually had turned
into the hole on the full womb you know
which is kind of weird like a werewolf
life
I saw it oh bloody guess not I knew
that it slowly dawned a change until
when you get more frustrated or mad or
something you know that start to change
action form is changed into the hope so
I have been later on but they hope the
reason he was aware was in a sense we
are moving on to the statue as I miss it
before is made by pirate hero I'm not
really a big fan of the of the whole
crew cut kind of look but I did like the
look you know it was a nice you know
gargle type of me look at home
I love the veins and the Nick it was a
nice ass had a little weight to it
I love the classic bits balled up you
know the kind of crunching crouching
type fingers and hands I love a classic
you know purple pants that he always
sort of had in common the bass was cool
because it's more of a city scene you
can see it even has a drainage which is
kind of cool and more so with him I
guess it's wait you know Louie cracking
you know the concrete you know to me
bass bases are a real important part to
me and display in my statute you know it
adds a lot to it you know face up yeah
take your it makes that much you know
because I must beauty in touch that's it
now here's a few other things that I
love about the statue the back you know
classic Incredible Hulk you know
muscular back big like the back you know
protrude over this here
nice detail calf muscles protruding out
I'll see if I can get some close-up
shots take what the light is the glyph
and light throws off the focus on camera
that's nice even green teeth
so you get a look at the pan
you know plastic you know hope balls
fists given the up no stomach muscles to
chess
I'm also concerned and give me yeah then
that uh new loss like a whole comic it
has him like he's like come therefore
landed about sideshow that's a real nice
piece and it's pretty big
we all love nice you know my sense
pieces
I'm gonna close look at the bad guys
classic meme mother coke look
okay guys hey this is hard heroes The
Incredible Hulk hope you enjoy the
review I catch you guys on the next in